# Checkout Kata

The goal of this Kata is to show a list of products and apply discounts in the cart, based on a list
of dynamic promotions.

## Main features

- Product list screen;
- Product detail screen;
- Cart screen;

## Principles and architecture

- SOLID
- Clean Architecture

## Libs

- **auto_route**: build a layer over the native routing system. It makes things easier and safer to
  transfer data between screens, with the auto generated code.
- **cached_network_image**: cache network images.
- **collection**: some utility methods to deal with Lists.
- **decimal**: deal with prices without losing precision.
- **equatable**: make things easier to compare objects.
- **flutter_bloc**: state management. IMHO similar to Redux.
- **flutter_svg**: add SVG support for Flutter.
- **get_it** + **injectable**: the best combo for DI.
- **shimmer**: used to create the shimmer loading effect.
- **stream_transform**: a toolset to deal with streams.

## Run the project on Android Studio

Flutter version: **3.22.2** (it may work with older versions, but some libs depends on more recent
ones). \
The code was shipped with the autogenerated files (for routes and DI), but if you want to make
changes and rebuild the generated files, you need to run one of the following commands in the
terminal (on the root folder):

```bash
$ flutter pub run build_runner build

// this will rebuild the autogenerated files a single time
```

or

```bash
$ flutter pub run build_runner watch

// this will keep watching and rebuilding your files
```

### Run unit tests

To run the tests, just run

```bash
$ flutter test
```